README.md, before:


# Travel Planner 

### *Description*
This application will allow users to plan and organize their travels. Users can use this application to plan their 
itinerary, input information about the date, time, duration, transportation information, travel directions, price,
and any additional information they want to add. Users can edit any information at any time. 


This project interests me because there are many places I want to travel to, but everytime I travel,
I am always disorganized. I lose track of important information and can't decide about what to do during the trip. This travel application will allow me to keep track
of and organize the information so I am better prepared when travelling and have a reference in case I am unsure about anything.



### *User Stories:*


- As a user, I want to be able to add multiple events to my schedule
- As a user, I want to be able to delete events from my schedule
- As a user, I want to be able to view the times I scheduled for a selected activity or event.
- As a user, I want to be able to edit any information about an event
- As a user, I want to be able to save the schedule I have created with all the events and its details
- As a user, I want to be able to open my saved schedule I created earlier


### *Instructions for Grader*

- You can generate the first required action related to adding Xs to a Y by...
- You can generate the second required action related to adding Xs to a Y by...
- You can locate my visual component by...
- You can save the state of my application by...
- You can reload the state of my application by...

Commit message:

Added save and load functionalities and visual component

README.md, after:


# Travel Planner 

### *Description*
This application will allow users to plan and organize their travels. Users can use this application to plan their 
itinerary, input information about the date, time, duration, transportation information, travel directions, price,
and any additional information they want to add. Users can edit any information at any time. 


This project interests me because there are many places I want to travel to, but everytime I travel,
I am always disorganized. I lose track of important information and can't decide about what to do during the trip. This travel application will allow me to keep track
of and organize the information so I am better prepared when travelling and have a reference in case I am unsure about anything.



### *User Stories:*


- As a user, I want to be able to add multiple events to my schedule
- As a user, I want to be able to delete events from my schedule
- As a user, I want to be able to view the times I scheduled for a selected activity or event.
- As a user, I want to be able to edit any information about an event
- As a user, I want to be able to save the schedule I have created with all the events and its details
- As a user, I want to be able to open my saved schedule I created earlier


### *Instructions for Grader*

- You can locate my visual component when you first run the application and you are taken to a welcome page. Click the
button to be taken to the main page
- You can generate the first required action related to adding Xs to a Y by clicking the "Add Event" Button on the main page
 and inputting all the relevant information. Click the "Add event to schedule" to add the event to the schedule. Exit the
 window(s) to return to the main page
- You can generate the second required action related to adding Xs to a Y by clicking "Remove" on the main page. A schedule
 will show up with "Select" buttons under each event. Click the button corresponding with the event you want to remove.
 A confirmation message will show up. 
- To view the updated schedule, go back to the main menu and click "View"
- You can save the state of my application by clicking "Save" on the main menu. A window will pop up confirming that the 
 schedule has been saved
- You can reload the state of my application by clicking "Load" on the main menu. A window will pop up confirming that the
 schedule has been loaded
